In this video, we'll be learning about KPIs or key performance indicators.
KPIs ensure that you're monitoring the progression and regression of your OKRs.
Good KPIs are actually measurable.
They're either lagging or leading
indicators that determine the success or failure of your OKRs.
They are malleable or are able to be moved within the given time frame.
Let's go over an example for setting KPIs.
Say you're the product manager at Facebook for birthdays.
One of your KPIs that you've set would be
the average percentage of friends posting on a user's profile.
For short, let's call this ABPR or average birthday post rate.
You'll need to understand the baseline experience of your KPIs,
or what's the current ABPR?
You would determine this through analyzing data at your disposal.
Key results are determined by establishing threshold of success for your KPIs.
Let's hypothetically say that the current ABPR is 14 percent.
Only to plot out a histogram or
percentages to determine the standard deviation of the data.
Say we find out that one standard deviation for the mean is four percent.
Basically 68 percent of all users have
10-18 percent of their Facebook friends posting onto their profile during their birthday.
This is key information as this enables us to know that it's not very
realistic to set the threshold of a success for this KPI to a number like say,
60 percent, but rather more realistically somewhere in the 10-20 percent range.
Whenever you create in large experiments to try to move your KPIs,
these experiments may incidentally diminish other related metrics.
Back to our example,
after looking through the data,
you realize that close friends tend to directly message users during their birthdays,
leading to engagement in Facebook Messenger for close relationships.
You want to drive more users to post onto their friend's profiles for their birthdays
but you don't want to over cannibalize the rate
of birthday messages via Facebook Messenger.
You'll need to set a guardrail metric to determine at what point
your experiments negative impact on other facets of
the product is not worth continuing on with the experiment.